how everyone.
So let's continue and do some more practice.
In the last lecture,
we got a basic idea of old condition,
so let's continue.
So what is conditioned condition is nothing but an expression that ever lose to a Boolean
value that is true or false.
Your condition walks on Boolean value.
Other.
You're getting an output that is to off falls.
In other words,
condition.
You know,
it's a comparison off two numbers or two values.
Suppose you know I need to do addition off two numbers.
How we can do It's very simple.
I have to use this like 10 plus 30.
I got an output.
But here you can see that there is no comparison between Tool um was two values.
So let's do some comparison here.
So stood off this.
I'm putting number like 10 less than seven.
Now you can see that the answer is zero.
No,
this Come on.
Basically,
it is doing some you know,
comparison between two numbers.
It is just checking the condition whether it is satisfying or not.
In such tribunal conditions,
you will be getting an output either zero or one or any non zero value.
So do you no means that the result is false.
Is number 10 less than seven?
Obviously.
No.
So you got zero.
So in simple words,
if you're getting zero,
it means our it indicates falls.
Your condition is false on.
If you're getting a number one or any non zero values in Indyk,
it indicates to right.
So let's do some more practice.
I'm giving some other number like 14 is Get of them.
It didn't.
Let's see,
I'm getting zero Is 14 getter than eating?
No.
So it's false.
False means it values to number zero.
If I'm typing this one,
that is to our equal to,
you know 40.
It's totally cool to 14 to 1/4.
It's false.
All right,
So false means you will be getting a number zero if I have tapping this one.
12 is not a call to 14.
12 nautical.
14?
Yes,
yes means true.
It will use to number one.
The condition is satisfying here they I'm putting this Fortin equal to 14.
Yes,
14 is going to 14.
The condition is true,
right?
The condition is yes.
That's why I'm got an output one.
So this way you have to use you know,
conditions while creating,
you know,
for moves.
If rules they So let me create asking for you so that you can understand how I'm using.
You know the conditions,
right?
So I'm going to create a simple script.
This one I get.
So if I'm using here on the dollar one So dollar one while executing this script,
I need to supply this one after less dot Celeste,
The name of the scoop.
After that,
I need to supply.
The number is greater than 2 50 There is a condition here.
If it is 30 fire done,
it is going to the next line like echo.
You have time.
A number?
Get to them 2 50 That's all.
Simply skip behalf.
So let me.
Come on,
let me make it executable.
Okay,
let me get again.
Okay.
So to execute this,
I have to,
you know,
supply dollar dollar,
dollar one.
So dollar one.
I have to give it here Support.
I'm giving number to 65.
No.
So 2 65 is going toe this $1 right now The condition if to 65 is greater than 2 50 Yes,
it's true.
It means that number one.
If they're getting condition is satisfying than it is going to move to the next line.
Then so here my condition is satisfying.
Right?
I'm getting you know this.
Yes,
that is true.
It devalues the number one.
So it will be type.
Yes,
you have type of number if I am giving a number,
which is less than 2 50 light to 44.
So but my condition is not satisfying.
So it is not going to move to the next line.
Right?
So it is not going to type anything here If you're going to give any number like this one
this maybe so.
This is a basic idea,
like,
Okay,
so let me get one more scared for you on this one.
Okay.
So what I'm gonna do in this kip,
I'm again going to use if on I'm looking for some fire.
Like embassy,
we find I'm looking for So here.
You can see that if on there is one condition if this it means that it is looking for this
file.
If condition is satisfied,
if the file is there,
then echo.
You can type,
you know,
filers existing else.
Suppose if condition is not satisfying.
Then it will move to the next statement.
That is else.
And it couldn't time.
Late file is missing.
So if condition is satisfying,
it means that you're getting a number one,
right?
If you're getting a number one,
your condition is satisfying.
Then you are going to move to the next line.
That is then.
Okay.
And I'm going to read this good.
This one file is missing because this file is not existing.
I'm going to care this file touch that is,
in time,
ABC again.
I am running it.
You can see the finals existing because condition is satisfying uglier.
You know,
let me open this file and really No,
The file was not there.
The condition was not met.
The final was missing,
so it didn't move toe this line.
It moved to this else.
If condition is satisfying here,
then only it will be in a moving to the next line.
That is then echo violence,
existing house.
It will move here.
So from their cell for this lecture hope you're enjoying a loving.
But I will do in the next lecture